ABOUT US | Twin Cities Ski Club
top of page
Skip to Main Content
HOME
ABOUT US
COMMUNITY
RACING
COACHES
SPONSORS
CONTACT
REGISTER
ABOUT TWIN CITIES SKI CLUB
TCSC was founded in 2020 as a way to introduce young adult cross-country skiers in the Twin Cities to one another during a time when creating community was at its most difficult. Now in 2025, we have our biggest team yet, but we still hold true to the same values: we provide educational training opportunities and emphasize community in the cross country ski space at a cost meant to encourage all skiers to get involved. In short, we put skiers on snow, and even on podiums, surrounded by their friends and without breaking the bank.
WHO JOINS TCSC
Young Adults
TCSC is a group built for young adults in the Twin Cities area. For that reason, we currently limit new registration to skiers 21 - 35 years old.
​
Ski Experience
We only ask that our members have an intermediate grasp of cross-country skiing! We do not vet based on ability. We aren't able to provide beginner-level lessons at this time, but we can recommend the
Three Rivers
and
Loppet Foundation
lessons for those who are just starting their ski journey.
​
Community Driven
TCSC is committed to providing a crucial third space to young, active adults in the Twin Cities. For more about this, check out our
Community Page
​
​
​
PRACTICES
We offer two training seasons each year around the Minneapolis / St. Paul area for skiers ages 21 - 35. Our seasonal fee covers organized evening practices twice per week and coaching.
​
Fall / Winter Season
September - March
Dryland training: pole bounding / hiking, running intervals, rollerskiing, biking, etc.
Skate and classic ski workouts (fine-tuning technique and intervals)
$205 for the season
​
Spring / Summer Season
May - August, with a 2-week "4th of July Break"
Dryland training: pole bounding / hiking, running intervals, rollerskiing, biking, etc.
Weekly strength workouts at a local gym
$105 for the season
​
​
COACHING
The Twin Cities Ski Club has three dedicated
coaches
who work year-round to help our members improve their skiing skills. Our coaches plan, execute, and lead practices and training sessions to help skiers of all levels reach their full potential.
© 2024 by Twin Cities Ski Club.
bottom of page